Correct: 11
Accuracy: 0.7857142857142857

Off by 1: 2
Off by 1 or less: 13
Accuracy: 0.9285714285714286

Off by 2: 1
Off by 2 or less: 14
Accuracy: 1.0

Off by 3: 0
Off by 3 or less: 14
Accuracy: 1.0

Off by 4: 0
Off by 4 or less: 14
Accuracy: 1.0

Mistakes:
4.0 3 First light bounces off of the thing you are trying to see and into your eye. It travels through the cornea and into the pupil. It passes through the lens and onto the retina. The light refracts and turns upside down. It sends a message to the brain and the brain turns the image right side up. Then you can see.
4.0 2 When the little hits the eye, it starts in the lens. It travel through the pupil into optic nerve, which would go through the cones. Then the light go to the retina and makes its way to the concave part which is in the way back of the eye. When the light hits, it bounces off so it refracts the light upside down and goes back out.
3.0 2 Your eye sees in upside down. It hits your lens to make it clear. Then it goes to the blind spot to make it right side up. Then the blind spot sends it to the brain. The brain tells you what you see.

Correct:
4.0 4 The light hits the object. The light reflects off the object and into your eye. The light passes your cornea. The iris (colorful part) opens your pupil or closes it. The light has now passed you pupil. The light hits the back of your eye. Now the cones and rods start working. The eye sends the object to your optic nerve and the brain and turns right side up.
5.0 5 I will start with the process of vision. Vision starts when light bounces (or reflects) off of an object and it enters your eyes, this begins your vision of an object. It enters through the cornea and into the pupil. After moving through the pupil it is refracted and focused by the lens. After this occurrence there is an image projected on the cornea it is upside down. That image is sent from the blind spot on the retina through the optic nerve to the brain which flips the message right side up. The white area on the outside of the iris is called the sclera (sc-LAR-a). The iris is a very strong muscle. It is the colored part of your eye. It is stationed on the outside of the pupil, and is the muscle that gives you the ability to make the pupil smaller or larger in change of light. The pupil is the black hole in the middle of your eye it allows the image to go into the lens. The lens refracts the light to make an upside down image on the back if the retina. The retina is the holder of the rods and cones. The rods help you to see black and white and the cones enable you to see color. The optic nerve send the image to the brain which flips it so you can see right side up.
3.0 3 The first thing that happens when you see something is it goes to the cornea. Then it goes to the pupil, then the lens, then the retina upside down, and then the optic nerve. Then it goes to the brain and that makes you see it right side up.
4.0 4 First you need light to see the object. Then the image passes through your cornea. It then goes through the pupil to the middle of your eye. The image then gets turned upside  down backwards as it goes through your lens. The image is then printed onto your retina and travels through the optic nerve to your brain where it gets transferred back to normal. After that your brain recognizes the image. That all happens in less than a split second.
4.0 4 The eye to see first the light bounces off the object then into your cornea then into the pupil then the iris then it travels to the lens that puts it into focus then to the back of the eye at the optic nerve where it is turned right side up. Then the message is sent to the brain where it decides what it is. This all happens in a split second. The things in your eye that help you see in the dark are called rods. The things that help you see in color are called cones. In class we learned about eye protection that you should always wear eye protection. We also learned that your pupil is actually a big muscle. The sclera is the  white part in your eye. The eye lashes and eye lid keep from getting dust in your eye.
5.0 5 You always need light to see. First the light reflects of the object and passes though the cornea, then through the pupil. Then it goes on to the lens which focuses the picture. Then it goes on to the retina which turns the picture upside down. Then the image travels through the optic nerve and into the brain which then turns the image right side up and tells you what it is. In class we learned about different parts of the eye, like the cornea. The cornea protects the eye from bad stuff like germs, dust or dust from getting into your eye. We also learned about the lens which focuses the image. And we learned about the retina which turns the image upside down. We also learned about the optic nerve ,which move the image.
4.0 4 The way that you can see is this. The light bounces off the object onto your eye. It goes through the pupil to the lens. The light refracts. It goes into your cornea to the retina. Then the cones turn what you see into color, for the picture. Then the image goes to the optic nerve to your brain where the image is turned right side up and identified.
5.0 5 To be able to see, you need light.Well, first the light hits the object then bounce off into your eye through the cornea and into the pupil. From there it goes to the lens which projects onto the retina. But the image is upside down so it has to go to the optic nerve and travel to the brain and gets turned right side up. The rods help you see light or dark and cones help you see color. The colored part of the eye is called the iris, believe it or not. It is made out of muscle. The process sounds long, right. Well, it takes less time than for you to hear, less than a second. It is amazing how vision works.
4.0 4 Light bounces off the object you're looking at and reflects through your cornea. The image travels through the pupil, then refracts through your lens. The retina (in the back of your eye) changes the image into electrical impulses. The impulses travel through the optic nerve to the brain where it flips the image (it was upside down the whole time) right side up. Now you see the object.
3.0 3 Pretend you are looking at a tree. I will explain how you see the tree. The light bounces off the tree and into your pupil. The light travels through your iris and refracts into your cornea. It sends the message upside down. It travels through the optic nerve. The brain turns the message right side up.
3.0 3 Light bounces off an object. It hits your iris, which hit the lens. The lens focuses on retina, sending message to optic nerve. The optic nerve sends message to brain. The iris focuses by opening and closing. The vitreous humor fills in eye ball so it doesn't lose its shape.
